(DOCSP-27346): Intros & Prereqs for MongoDB Data Access pages (#2550)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/app-services/query-mongodb.txt

   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

You can query data stored in MongoDB Atlas directly from your client application code

> by using the Realm React Native SDK's :js-sdk:`MongoDB client <TRealm-MongoDB.html>`

Author: ```suggestion
by using the Realm React Native SDK's :js-sdk:`MongoDB client <Realm-MongoDB.html>`
```

While not exhaustive, these are some common use cases for querying MongoDB 
directly.

Prerequisites
-------------

> Before you can query MongoDB from your .NET application, you must set up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can query MongoDB from your React Native application, you must set up
```
